保证内容分有一分的基础下 其它项不失分

SST 极简造句三件套
It is/they are + adj.
There is/ We have/ It could be about + n.
It is important for us to /They/ We need to + v.

尽量使用简单句 每日练习并且总结常犯的语法错误

1 Approach and Avoidance
Approach indicates a propensity to move towards a desired stimulus
Avoidance indicates a peopensity to move away from an undesired stimulus
Motivation is defined as dierction of behaviour.

生词 Avoidance, propensity, desired, undesired, stimulus

2 Boys and Girls
Boys and girls are different in learning styles.
Teachers should find different teaching approaches for boys and girls.
Boys are more simplified
Girls have a higher level of English results than boys in the same class.

3 DNA Pieces
scientists can engineer and design nature.
Biology engineering is the next level of engineering
natural world in the future.
biology system not always stay the same
生词 natural biological

4 Chimpanzee
Chimpanzee
Non-huamn right project and chimpanzees
many people fight for animals' legal right
New York court didn't approve their appeal.


5  Competition and Performance
competition drives employees to improve performance and motivates them.
Ranking among employees is widely used in large 
improve productivity
top ten percent will be rewarded
competition makes common mistakes

6 Newspaper Industry
some newspaper industries are losing money
Because they can't find buyers
Only a few newspapers have a positive cash flow
Some newspaper even disappeared

7. Automatic Driving
safe and fuel-efficient
different levels of automation
level three is more acceptable for most of the public
level four is completely under the control of the vehicle

8.Sugar in food
There is sugar in a lot of foods where you don't expect it
a lot of sugar in beef stew
ice-cream
sugar is the second ingredient in a peanut
people can see the food label in the market

生词 ingredient

9.stones balls
museum
a great subject
the first example of humans exploring the concept of symmetry
a game and a symbol of power
but we don not really know who they are
mathematical objects for the joy and the beauty
a great technology around us.

生词 symmetry

10. Sleep
people need sleep before learning and after learning
good things for you to have a enough sleep
without sleep you can't absob new memories

11. Dancing Bees
Bee 
warning signal
dangerous situation
stop bees dancing
protect bees away from dangerours sources
headbutt to stop them dancing

12. particular risks
Social skills are crucial and vital
children are facing social difficult
young people don't have strong relationship with adults family
improve critical thinking skills

13. Literature in Poem
art and culture
we often talk about the knowledge about the literature in poem
english languange in poetries is hard to understand
makes it hard for readers to enjoy poetry
poem use literary expersion
we should to konw more about literature.

14. Food Waste
the United States is the biggest country of food waste in the world.
the majority of food wast came from the supermarket.
purchasing all item is not a good idea
what people purchase and how they eat.

15 leadership
leadership
defination of goals and some interesting ideas
we should have a situation every day around the world
leadership can make significant difference to individuals

16 MPA campaign
The ocean provides 96% of fish and feed more than 4 billion people.
many species of fish that are endangered
government set up a network, called MPA
MPA is faced with lots of challenges

17.
Engineering
engineers should know how to work with a complicated system
some inspirations are from your personal life experience
reliable system
risk, reliable, and accuracy.

18
stock market
traditional and modern business 
people buy stock online
some different uses of the stock market before and after
put money into big companies

19. 
luxury brand
what makes luxury brand
luxury always have a high price and output
depends on who you talk to
some expensive brands have a distinct strategy

20. 
chance of getting paper published is becoming smaller and smaller
hard at the begin
use feedback to improve your paper
will lead to a better result and will be good for the career path
publication does not mean funding

21. What make people happy
happiness economics
a consistent pattern
income, helath, marital status, employment status
other factors,
environment, the nature of original living


22. Genetic Impact
genes have an impact on people
